== We Got Coders Week 11.5-12 Final Project

===The Soul At Work Escrow Marketplace

====About 
This project has been created as part of the We Got Coders training scheme and it demonstrates the skills that I have acquired during my training period.

We Got Coders is a consultancy that provides experts in agile web development, specialising in Ruby technology.

http://wegotcoders.com/

====Description
An escrow marketplace connecting creatives & business owners outsourcing creative work

====Heroku App

http://mighty-beach-6357.herokuapp.com

====Logins

You can login with creative@email.com with password: password

You can login with buyer@email.com wit password: password

====Instructions
0. Register a new creative or buyer account (or use the accounts provided above)
1. Update your profile and add a profile picture if desired
3. If user is of type Creative then choose expertise from skills list
4. If user is of type Buyer then list a project
5. Buyer will be taken to a payment page to add funds to their escrow account. This is automatically updated on the Balanced back-end test marketplace.
6. As a creative you will see a list of projects in your profile for which you have the requisite expertise required of the project.
7. As a creative you can submit a proposal to a project
8. As a buyer you can accept a proposal on one of your projects.
9. When status of proposal changes to accepted, creative receives an SMS to notfiy them
10. Buyers escrow account will be debited upon acceptance.
11. Both creative and buyer can message eachother through the internal messaging system.

====Key Features
At present after a buyer lists a project they are asked to credit their escrow account. This is all handelled within the app using the Balanced API, using a JavaScript library for verification of the validity of the card and buyer details. 

The project can then have proposals submitted by creatives. Once a proposal is accepted by the buyer, the creative with the winning pitch is notified by SMS via Active Record Callback using the twilio API. 

A creative can see dynamic lists of projects based on their expertise and can communicate with the buyer through an internal messaging system.

====Brief
Brief for the final project can be found here: https://github.com/dan-mi-sun/the-soul-at-work/blob/master/BRIEF.rdoc

====User stories

Pivotal tracker: https://www.pivotaltracker.com/s/projects/1111898

=====Test Coverage
$ rake stats
Code LOC: 354     Test LOC: 578     Code to Test Ratio: 1:1.6

simplecov
Coverage report generated for Cucumber Features, RSpec 700 / 774 LOC (90.44%) covered.

====Key APIs used:

=====For escrow payments: 

gem 'balanced'

=====For SMS texts from callbacks:

gem 'twilio-ruby'

====Key Gems used:

=====For registrations:

gem 'devise'

=====For enironment and asset pipeline:

gem 'figaro'

gem 'rails_12factor'

=====For bootstrap styling: 

gem 'therubyracer'

gem 'less-rails'

gem 'twitter-bootstrap-rails'

gem 'bootstrap-datepicker-rails'

gem 'bootstrap_form'

=====Debugging and TDD with:

gem 'cucumber-rails'

gem 'mocha'

gem 'rspec-rails'

gem 'shoulda-matchers'

gem 'mocha'

gem 'launchy'

gem 'database_cleaner'

====Notes from WeGotCoders:
http://dan-mi-sun.github.io/

http://dan-mi-sun.github.io/wegotcoders/why-code-with-we-got-coders/

http://dan-mi-sun.github.io/wegotcoders/reflections-on-8-weeks-with-we-got-coders/

http://dan-mi-sun.github.io/wegotcoders/reflections-on-12-weeks-with-we-got-coders/


====Contact
twitter: @dan_mi_sun

gmail: dan.mi.sun@gmail.com

uk.linkedin.com/in/danielsundigital/
